[OCPBUGS-15211]: Steps to disable autoscalers (#61853)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/deleting-machine-autoscaler.adoc

compute-us-east-1a   MachineSet   compute-us-east-1a   1     12    39m
compute-us-west-1a   MachineSet   compute-us-west-1a   2     4     37m
----

. Optional: Create a YAML file backup of the `MachineAutoscaler` CR by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get MachineAutoscaler/<machine_autoscaler_name> \//<1>
  -n openshift-machine-api \
  -o yaml> <machine_autoscaler_name_backup>.yaml //<2>
----
<1> `<machine_autoscaler_name>` is the name of the CR that you want to delete.
<2> `<machine_autoscaler_name_backup>` is the name for the backup of the CR.

. Delete the `MachineAutoscaler` CR by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc delete MachineAutoscaler/<machine_autoscaler_name> -n openshift-machine-api
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
machineautoscaler.autoscaling.openshift.io "compute-us-east-1a" deleted
----

.Verification

* To verify that the machine autoscaler is disabled, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get MachineAutoscaler -n openshift-machine-api
----
+
The disabled machine autoscaler does not appear in the list of machine autoscalers.

.Next steps

> * If you need to reenable the machine autoscaler, use the `<machine_autoscaler_name_backup>.yaml` backup file and follow the instructions in "Deploying a machine autoscaler".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you need to re-enable the machine autoscaler, use the `<machine_autoscaler_name_backup>.yaml` backup file and follow the instructions in "Deploying a machine autoscaler".
```
The more common usage in the rest of the OCP docs is `re-enable` with a hyphen.
